Add targeting/runtime pack missing (#20641)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/sdk-errors/netsdk1145.md

---
title: Resolve NETSDK1145, targeting or apphost pack missing
description: How to resolve the issue of targeting pack missing while NuGet package restore is not supported
author: wli3
ms.topic: error-reference

> ms.date: 09/14/2020

Reviewer: I think this will also help with discovery.
```suggestion
ms.date: 09/14/2020
f1_keywords:
- NETSDK1145
```

---
# Resolve NETSDK1145, targeting or apphost pack missing

**This article applies to:** ✔️ .NET 5.0.100 SDK and later versions

> When SDK issues error NETSDK1145, the targeting or apphost pack is not installed and NuGet package restore is not supported. This is typically caused by having a newer SDK than the one included in VS for C++/CLI projects. Upgrade VS, remove global.json if it specifies a certain SDK version and uninstall the newer SDK. Alternatively, you could override the targeting or apphost version: Find the version that exists under the pack directory from the error message and matches the target framework of the project. Add the following to the project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When SDK issues error NETSDK1145, the targeting or apphost pack is not installed and NuGet package restore is not supported. This is typically caused by having a newer SDK than the one included in Visual Studio for C++/CLI projects. Upgrade Visual Studio, remove _global.json_ if it specifies a certain SDK version, and uninstall the newer SDK. Alternatively, you could override the targeting or apphost version: Find the version that exists under the pack directory from the error message and matches the target framework of the project. Add the following to the project:
```
